Select * from users
Column Nam  Type    NULL    COMMENTS
Column Nam              Type            NULL               
user_companyId          int         Not  Null
user_userId             int         Not Null Primary Column
user_FirstName          nvarchar(50)        Null                
user_lastName           nvarchar(60)        Null                
user_logon              nvarchar(50)        Null                
user_password           nvarchar(255)       Null                
user_emailid            nvarchar(255)       Null                
user_status             bit         Null                
user_Notification           bit         Null                
user_role               int         Null                
user_verifyActivation       nvarchar(255)       Null                
user_verifyEmail            nvarchar(255)       Null                
user_loginattempt           smallint        Null                
user_createdby          int         Null                
user_updatedby          int         Null                
user_createddate            datetime        Null                
user_updateddate            datetime        Null                
user_Department         nvarchar(1000)      Null                
user_Designation            nvarchar(1000)      Null        

