NHibernate.PropertyValueException was unhandled by user code
 Message="not-null property references a null or transient
valueClearwave.Models.Encounters.Insurance.Patient"
 Source="NHibernate"
 EntityName="Clearwave.Models.Encounters.Insurance"
 PropertyName="Patient"

       public PatientMap()
       {
           WithTable("tPatient");

           Id(x => x.Id, "uid_Patient").GeneratedBy.GuidComb
().Access.AsReadOnlyPropertyThroughCamelCaseField();

           HasMany(x => x.Insurances).WithKeyColumn("uid_Patient")
               .Cascade.All()
               .Inverse();

          ...
       }

      public InsuranceMap()
       {
           WithTable("tPatientInsuranceInfo");

           Id(x => x.Id,
"uid_PatientInsuranceInfo").GeneratedBy.GuidComb
().Access.AsReadOnlyPropertyThroughCamelCaseField();

           References(x => x.Patient, "uid_Patient").Not.Nullable
().Cascade.All();

           ...
        }

NHibernate.PropertyValueException was unhandled by user code
 Message="not-null property references a null or transient
valueClearwave.Models.Encounters.Insurance.Patient"
 Source="NHibernate"
 EntityName="Clearwave.Models.Encounters.Insurance"
 PropertyName="Patient"
 StackTrace:
      at NHibernate.Engine.Nullability.CheckNullability(Object[]
values, IEntityPersister persister, Boolean isUpdate)
      at
NHibernate.Event.Default.AbstractSaveEventListener.PerformSaveOrReplicate
(Object entity, EntityKey key, IEntityPersister persister, Boolean
useIdentityColumn, Object anything, IEventSource source, Boolean
requiresImmediateIdAccess)
      at
NHibernate.Event.Default.AbstractSaveEventListener.PerformSave(Object
entity, Object id, IEntityPersister persister, Boolean
useIdentityColumn, Object anything, IEventSource source, Boolean
requiresImmediateIdAccess)
      at
NHibernate.Event.Default.AbstractSaveEventListener.SaveWithGeneratedId
(Object entity, String entityName, Object anything, IEventSource
source, Boolean requiresImmediateIdAccess)
      at
NHibernate.Event.Default.DefaultMergeEventListener.EntityIsTransient
(MergeEvent event, IDictionary copyCache)
      at NHibernate.Event.Default.DefaultMergeEventListener.OnMerge
(MergeEvent event, IDictionary copyCache)
      at NHibernate.Impl.SessionImpl.FireSaveOrUpdateCopy(IDictionary
copiedAlready, MergeEvent event)
      at NHibernate.Impl.SessionImpl.SaveOrUpdateCopy(String
entityName, Object obj, IDictionary copiedAlready)
      at
NHibernate.Engine.CascadingAction.SaveUpdateCopyCascadingAction.Cascade
(IEventSource session, Object child, String entityName, Object
anything, Boolean isCascadeDeleteEnabled)
      at NHibernate.Engine.Cascade.CascadeToOne(Object child, IType
type, CascadeStyle style, Object anything, Boolean
isCascadeDeleteEnabled)
      at NHibernate.Engine.Cascade.CascadeAssociation(Object child,
IType type, CascadeStyle style, Object anything, Boolean
isCascadeDeleteEnabled)
      at NHibernate.Engine.Cascade.CascadeProperty(Object child,
IType type, CascadeStyle style, Object anything, Boolean
isCascadeDeleteEnabled)
      at NHibernate.Engine.Cascade.CascadeOn(IEntityPersister
persister, Object parent, Object anything)
      at
NHibernate.Event.Default.AbstractSaveEventListener.CascadeBeforeSave
(IEventSource source, IEntityPersister persister, Object entity,
Object anything)
      at
NHibernate.Event.Default.DefaultMergeEventListener.EntityIsTransient
(MergeEvent event, IDictionary copyCache)
      at NHibernate.Event.Default.DefaultMergeEventListener.OnMerge
(MergeEvent event, IDictionary copyCache)
      at NHibernate.Impl.SessionImpl.FireSaveOrUpdateCopy(IDictionary
copiedAlready, MergeEvent event)
      at NHibernate.Impl.SessionImpl.SaveOrUpdateCopy(String
entityName, Object obj, IDictionary copiedAlready)
      at
NHibernate.Engine.CascadingAction.SaveUpdateCopyCascadingAction.Cascade
(IEventSource session, Object child, String entityName, Object
anything, Boolean isCascadeDeleteEnabled)
      at NHibernate.Engine.Cascade.CascadeToOne(Object child, IType
type, CascadeStyle style, Object anything, Boolean
isCascadeDeleteEnabled)
      at NHibernate.Engine.Cascade.CascadeAssociation(Object child,
IType type, CascadeStyle style, Object anything, Boolean
isCascadeDeleteEnabled)
      at NHibernate.Engine.Cascade.CascadeProperty(Object child,
IType type, CascadeStyle style, Object anything, Boolean
isCascadeDeleteEnabled)
      at NHibernate.Engine.Cascade.CascadeOn(IEntityPersister
persister, Object parent, Object anything)
      at
NHibernate.Event.Default.AbstractSaveEventListener.CascadeBeforeSave
(IEventSource source, IEntityPersister persister, Object entity,
Object anything)
      at
NHibernate.Event.Default.DefaultMergeEventListener.EntityIsTransient
(MergeEvent event, IDictionary copyCache)
      at NHibernate.Event.Default.DefaultMergeEventListener.OnMerge
(MergeEvent event, IDictionary copyCache)
      at NHibernate.Event.Default.DefaultMergeEventListener.OnMerge
(MergeEvent event)
      at NHibernate.Impl.SessionImpl.FireSaveOrUpdateCopy(MergeEvent
event)
      at NHibernate.Impl.SessionImpl.SaveOrUpdateCopy(Object obj)
      at Clearwave.Models.Data.Util.RepositoryBase`2.Save(EntityType&
entity) in C:\Projects\ClearWave\Src\Common\Domain Models
\Clearwave.Models.Data-NHibernate\Util\RepositoryBase.cs:line 25
      at IntegrationWebServices.FromMirth.SubmitMessage(Message
theMessage, Guid providerOrganizationId)
      at SyncInvokeSubmitMessage(Object , Object[] , Object[] )
      at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.SyncMethodInvoker.Invoke
(Object instance, Object[] inputs, Object[]& outputs)
      at
System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.DispatchOperationRuntime.InvokeBegin
(MessageRpc& rpc)
 InnerException:

